feat: kafka adapter (#342)
asyncapi/glee: docs/config-file.md

  };
}
```
Inside the return statement, you can specify the following options:
### Glee Core Configurations

These configurations apply to Glee itself, rather than any specific protocol.

|Field|Default|Description|
|--|--|--|
|glee.gleeDir|`.glee`|Sets the Glee directory. Your sources will be compiled here.|
|glee.lifecycleDir|`lifecycle`|Path to the directory that stores your [lifecycle events](./lifecycle-events.md).|
|glee.functionsDir|`functions`| Path to the directory that stores your [functions](./functions.md).|

> |glee.asyncapiFilePath|`asyncapi.(yaml \| yml \| json)`| Path to your AsyncAPI file. |

Reviewer: These changes shouldn't be on your PR. Please merge the latest `master` into your branch (no rebase! 😄).

|mqtt.authentication.userPassword| username and password parameters for authentication|
|mqtt.authentication.userPassword.username| username parameter
|mqtt.authentication.userPassword.password| password parameter

### Kafka

|Field|Description|
|---|---|
|kafka.authentication| Kafka authentication configuration|
|kafka.authentication.key | Kafka Broker Key
|kafka.authentication.cert| Client certificate
|kafka.authentication.clientId| Kafka client Id for authentication
|kafka.authentication.rejectUnauthorized | Boolean flag for accepting the valid SSL certificates

> |kafka.authentication.userPassword| username and password parameters for authentication|
> |kafka.authentication.userPassword.username| username parameter
> |kafka.authentication.userPassword.password| password parameter
> |kafka.authentication.scramSha256.mechanism | ScramSha256 SASL mechanism type for authentication
> |kafka.authentication.scramSha512.mechanism | ScramSha512 SASL mechanism type for authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|kafka.authentication.username| The username to use during authentication.
|kafka.authentication.password| The password to use during authentication.
```

Let's simplify username and password and remove the scram mechanism as it's coming from the AsyncAPI file, not from the config file.
